---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: 2019-04-27T22:26:36+09:00
draft: false
type: "serialbuddy"
projecticon: "../img/SerialBuddy.svg"
shorttitle: "SerialBuddy"
navigations:
    - title: "Support"
      url: "../support/"
    - title: "Privacy Policy"
      url: "#"
    - title: "Acknowledgements"
      url: "../acknowledgements/"
---

# SerialBuddy Privacy Policy

Yuta Urushiyama (the developer) built the SerrialBuddy app (the app) as a Commercial app. The app is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the app.

If you choose to use the app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that the developer collect is used for providing and improving the app. The developer will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Scope

This Privacy Policy applies to all versions including future-release ones of the app.
The developer may set a specific privacy policy or terms of use for a specific device (individual contracts), and provisions of individual contracts will prevail.

## Personal Information

Personal Information includes your name, physical address, social numbers, email address and geographic location.

## Information Collection and Use

### Settlement Information

Some purchase services, such as the purchase of the app may use user's settlement information.
This information is stored on the side of the settlement platform managed by a third-party and is NOT acquired NOR stored by the developer and the app.

### Log Data

Whenever you use the app, in the case of an error in the app the developer collects data and information (through third-party products) on your device called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing the app, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

### Other Personal Information

The developer does not collect and use any other Personal Information through the app.

## Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

The developer may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The developer will provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about the Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to [contact me](https://urushiyama.github.io/projects/serialbuddy/support/).

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net/), modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/), and futher modified by Yuta Urushiyama.
